Update WAL-G info (#276)
dhamaniasad/awesome-postgres: README.md

* [pg\_back](https://github.com/orgrim/pg_back/) - pg\_back is a simple backup script
* [pghoard](https://github.com/aiven/pghoard) - Backup and restore tool for cloud object stores (AWS S3, Azure, Google Cloud, OpenStack Swift).
* [wal-e](https://github.com/wal-e/wal-e) - Simple Continuous Archiving for PostgreSQL to S3, Azure, or Swift by Heroku.

> * [wal-g](https://github.com/wal-g/wal-g) - The successor of WAL-E rewritten in Go. Currently supports S3, GCP, Azure, Swift and file system storages. Supports block-level incremental backups.

Reviewer: @x4m maybe worth adjusting a bit, like this?
```suggestion
* [wal-g](https://github.com/wal-g/wal-g) - The successor of WAL-E rewritten in Go. Currently supports cloud object storage services by AWS (S3), Google Cloud (GCS), Azure, as well as Swift, MinIO, and file system storages. Supports block-level incremental backups. In addition to Postgres, WAL-G supports MySQL and MongoDB.
```
